
THE SHEET LOOKS FINE NOW
So, now let's integrate validations into the sheet

- Score validation: note that each score has maxValue, therefore, value (user enters for a given score should not greater than the maxValue) of that score and should be no negative number.
- Make all fields read only except;
  - values for the scores (so teacher can edit them) and the scores remark.
  - values for the ratings
  - values for the comments
  - EVERY OTHER THING SHOULD BE LOCKED AND READONLY. NOTE THAT DOMAINS remarks are auto generated by the server so that should be readonly too. Only scores' remarks can be edited by teacher.
- add formula to auto calculate total score whenever teacher changes the values of the scores for a given score.
- remove weight totally, it not meant to be seen. It is only for server use.
- Align every content to the left. Headers, rows, all align to the left.
- Bold the subject names and give it dark green color. do the same to the labels of basic info, and the domains and the comments


####

- Currently, content in the fields seems get stuck and once they are long, they cant be viewed again as they go underneath. FIX: Ensure full content shows. Make the cell expands as much as its content but must be consistent with the comlum and rows. In another word, the longer content should determine the length, so content is not force to be hidden.
- The current rating shape is not compatible with my system design rate. Below is my system design rate;
    interface IRatingItem {
  label: string;
  rating: {
    rate: string | number;  //descriptive or numeric identifier for the chosen rate e.g 1-5 so rates fall between 1 to 5 - A-E so rate falls between A to E
    value: string | number | null; //actual value (e.g., 4, "Excellent", etc.)
  }[];
  weight?: number;
  remark?: string | null;
}

- Note that rating is also an array in IRatingItem[]. rating.rate is always available as defined in the server for example rating.rate[] could be [1,2,3,4,5]. So rating.value is what user needs to fill and from the vailable value of rating.rate[]. The server uses the selected one and set non selected ones to null. There make the domains uses dropdown for ratings. the dropdown should conttain the content of rating.rate[] so that they can select one for each. for example if we have [1,2,3,4,5], honesty can only be of one of the value in [1,2,3,4,5].

- Keep the design consistent, do not bold the content that's not header or label. kepp the labels green and bold as they are, and the header black and bold and any other content must be black and no bold
- Maintain good space between the sections for clarity and better organization
- No use perfect type, no any type but strict type and based on the data structure.